The most challenging part about being a naval officer is the interaction
with the different types of people, which, incidentally, is one of
the best parts of the job, too. You have to learn how to motivate
people, and you have to. I also realized that some folks you're you're
just not gonna be able to reach. It's not your fault, but it is one
of the biggest challenges you can. You can. You'll come across because
if you can't motivate somebody, if you can get someone to continue
or go down a path that you think they should go down, it would
be positive. For them, it feels like a failure. The reality is it's
really not a failure. It's just it's just they, perhaps or not willing.
T o do what you think they should do, and that's okay.